I can remember being...
Not spending a lot of time on the dance floor
because it was always crowded, which is great.
Like, I love a sweaty dance floor, don’t
get me wrong.
But it’s such a small dance floor, if I
remember correctly, and there was always other
things to do.
To hear afterwards, what was the estimated...?
Like, 350 people or something like that?
Like, I don’t know if it ever felt like
that, but there were definitely places that
were very congested.
Lots of people coming and going, passing each
other.
There was kind of a way of moving through
the space.
Because there was always someone behind you
or in front of you.
Unless you were in very particular places
in the space, you would have to stop traffic
to stop and linger.
So, I remember that.
That sense of having to go, “Okay, I’m
turning right here.”
There was always an underlying — in which
was my own projection, I’m sure — of anxiety.
Nervousness.
This idea of, “Who’s there?
Who’s seeing me?
Who am I seeing?”
Classic ex.
“Is my ex here?
What’s going to happen if I see them?”
What I learned later about myself is that
even though I express myself outwardly, I’m
actually quite anxious.
Like, I am a bit of an introvert.
That extroverted introvert kind of idea.
So, when I get anxious, I tend to get bigger.
So, I have lots of memories of, like, the
next day going, “Oh my God, what did I say?
What did I do?”
So, the two biggest emotions: absolute joy
and freedom, and intense anxiety and nervousness.